Bob's Battery 3 prerequisites (#800)
Arch666Angel/mods: angelssmelting/changelog.txt

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Version: 0.6.20
Date: ???
  Bugfixes:

>     - Fixed tech prerequisites for Batteries 3 tech from Bob's Metals, Chemicals, and Intermediates mod (799)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fixed tech prerequisites for Batteries 3 tech from bobplates (799)
```
